hey what's going on guys it's patrick
with play clash of clans and today i'm
going to tell you guys about a brand new
application and a way for you guys to
get free itunes gift cards among many
other rewards just for trying out free
apps so the name of the app is feature
points at feature points calm and pretty
much how you do it is you download free
apps as well as you refer your friends
to the app and they reward you with
credits that you can redeem for prizes
such as free angry birds you can do
amazon gift cards PayPal they even just
release the ipad mini on their store so
in this guide i'm going to show you how
feature points works how you should
shine how you should sign up and all the
ins and outs on rewarding yourself with
free prices for trying out apps so let's
get to it alright so what you're going
to want to do is go to the home screen
of your iOS device it can be an ipad
iphone itouch whatever you may have and
go ahead and type in the URL feature
points calm so it's going to be fe a
ture points calm so after you go there
it's going to go ahead and prompt you to
sign up so as you're going to see it's
going to have a button on the top left
corner that says sign up and it just go
ahead and it says play free apps get
free rewards that's pretty much the gist
of it so let's go ahead and sign up so
as we click that button you're going to
need to go ahead and install a profile
into your phone so they know that you're
downloading your apps and that way you
can be credited so go ahead and click
let's go to move on to the next step
alright so now you're just going to
click install it pretty much all this
does it doesn't change your device it
just lets feature points know that you
successfully download the app and they
can go ahead and credit you with the
credits you need to get your free prizes
so go ahead and enter your password and
after free apps itunes giftcards amazon
whatever all right so first things first
what we're going to want to do is we're
going to want to make this an app on
your homepage so on the bottom you're
going to go ahead and click the bookmark
button and then click the middle button
that says add to homescreen alright so
when you click add on the top it's going
to go ahead and add feature points
straight to your iDevice so now you can
just click that and it's like your own
personalized app
alright so now let's go ahead and check
out all the apps so if you look there
every app you download looks like
everyone's giving you 90 credits today
so there's there's a lot of apps i say
on this page there's about 2,000 credits
you can get just from downloading apps
also if you go to rewards it's going to
go ahead and show you everything you can
get with your points so as you see you
have Angry Birds amazon gift cards
PayPal iTunes gift cards iPad minis they
have literally I think it's they have
around 100 prizes that they give out so
look there's a bunch of apps they're
just freeing them up for you and then if
you keep scrolling down you have more
amazon from five to one hundred dollars
and then you have paypal that goes from
10 to five hundred dollars as well as
two other itunes gift cards alright so
let me go ahead and show you how we
actually get it done so in order to get
these great prizes the best way you can
earn points is to go ahead and download
the apps so going back to the first page
let's go ahead and try hotels com for
360 credits alright so as we click it
going to go ahead on the top and click
download and earn the credits so when
you do that a go ahead it goes ahead and
it takes you to a link that lets feature
points know that you're downloading
their app that way they can credit you
so what you're going to go to hotels com
app page you're going to go ahead and
install it and then once you've
installed it you're just going to open
it and you generally want to play for
around 30 seconds and make sure you do
the tutorials that way you can get
credited so I generally play it with the
app for like a minute and that seems to
get me the credits every time alright so
now that's installed i'm going to go
ahead and click it i'm going to fast
forward the video i just went around i
click some buttons on the half tried it
out unfortunately I wasn't really
interested in the in the app because not
really looking for some hotels but it
was a nice app but that's besides the
point so now that I played with it for
about 30 seconds to a minute it's time
to go back and check feature points to
see if I was credited so as I click it
takes me back to my page and if you look
at the top right hand corner you've seen
that Iowa's credited with 360 credits
just like that and that took me like a
minute so if you download all the app
offers you can definitely earn a lot of
credits and they're always releasing new
apps daily to make sure that you can get
all the prizes that they have available
alright guys that pretty much wraps it
up to sum it up make sure you go to
feature points calm go ahead and sign up
install the profile make sure that you
install all their apps so you can get
your maximum points as well as refer
your friends to the app that way you can
get bonus points from referrals other
than that you can cash out your prizes
through paypal Amazon iTunes and even
get great apps like angry birds call of
duty and you can even get an ipad mini
from the store so definitely make sure
to check it out like the video if it
helped you out comment if you have any
questions about the apps or head to
facebook.com slash feature points and
that's pretty much it hope you guys
enjoyed it and I'll see you guys later